Juston keep it brief and I'll probably
go you back hey it's me um listen I know
that you're overwhelmed by everything
right now that we'll get through it I
mean we love each other okay I'll see
you soon
you just
[Music]
know that I think he's coming
of course he's coming you don't
understand we had an argument earlier I
didn't want to make a big deal about
that all couples fight before the
wedding is just jitters oh you should
have seen his face was like the walls
were closing in on him I mean he can't
face this or me or any of it I just
tried calling his cell phone's not
answering sweetie listen to me
listen Justin loves you I know he does I
can't do this anymore
do you think maybe somebody should go
out and start looking for him awesome
you don't have to he's not coming what
um I was uh I didn't want to tell you
this earlier um sort of hoping that he
would change his mind changed mind about
what sweetheart let's happen he doesn't
want to get married I keep trying to
make this work but it's not I love you
guys so much and I'm really sorry you
through this but I have to call the
wedding